Ability to publish interfaces via the tar file using the Application Descriptor (#282)
IBM/dbb: Pipeline/PackageBuildOutputs/README.md

The `ArtifactRepositoryHelpers` script is a simple implementation to support download and upload from/to an Artifact Repository server.
However, it is recommend to consider using APIs or CLI utilities provided by Artifact Repositories distributions, which are available with your CI/CD pipeline coordinator.

This sample Groovy script can be used to package build outputs:

- It extracts information about the build outputs from the Dependency Based Build (DBB) `BuildReport.json`. The script is able to take a single DBB build report or multiple build reports to build a cumulative package across multiple incremental builds. 
  - It processes the MVSExec, CopyToPDS and the USS_Record types
- It optionally generates the [Wazi Deploy application manifest](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/developer-for-zos/16.0?topic=files-application-manifest-file) file.
- It copies outputs to a temporary directory on Unix System Services and creates a TAR file based on the temporary directory.

> - If the path to the application's Git repository is provided, the script will search for the Application Descriptor file, in order to also package all the public and shared Include Files. The script will also detect which programs are classified as `internal submodule` or `service submodule` and will copy the corresponding object decks to the `include`subfolder of the temporary directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the path to the application's Git repository is provided, the script will search for the Application Descriptor file and process it. Include Files classified as `public` will be automatically added to the package into the subdirectory `include/src`. The script will also process programs that are classified as `internal submodule` or `service submodule` and will copy the corresponding object decks to either the `lib` directory or the `include/bin` subfolder for the tar file.
```

      2. Remove output entries that have no `deployType` set and remove unwanted outputs such as outputs with the `deployType` equal to `ZUNIT-TESTCASE`.
   2. If processing multiple build reports, a cumulative hashmap of output records is created to be able to combine outputs from multiple pipeline builds into a single TAR file.
   	  1. The key of the map, used in the calculation of the artifacts to be deployed, is the combination of the member name and the deploy type.
   	  2. Artifacts having the same member name and the same deploy type will be present only once in the generated package, taking the last occurrence of the artifact, as found in the ordered list of Build Reports passed as parameters.

3. **(Optionally) Generate Software-Bill-Of-Material (SBOM) file**
   Based on the collected build outputs information, an SBOM file following the [CycloneDX](https://cyclonedx.org/) specification is created.  
   More details can be found [in this section](#software-bill-of-material-sbom-generation).

4. **(Optionally) Generate Wazi Deploy application manifest**

>    Based on the collected build outputs information, the [Wazi Deploy application manifest](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/developer-for-zos/16.0?topic=files-application-manifest-file) is generated and saved as wazideploy_manifest.yml.

Reviewer: Switching to V17 documentation: 

```suggestion
   Based on the collected build outputs information, the [Wazi Deploy application manifest](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/developer-for-zos/17.0?topic=files-application-manifest-file) is generated and saved as wazideploy_manifest.yml.
```

By default, the IBM Concert Build manifest file is generated in the `tempPackageDir` and named `concert_build_manifest.yaml`. 

## Publishing interfaces

The CLI option `applicationFolderPath` is used to point to the application's Git repository on z/OS Unix System Services. When specified, this parameter enables the PackageBuildOutputs with additional capabilities, like the packaging of object decks and Include Files based on their usage.

When this CLI option is provided, the script will search for an [Application Descriptor file](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-git-migration-modeler/?tab=readme-ov-file#output-files), named `applicationDescriptor.yml` and located at the root level of the application's Git repository. This file contains information on the usage of each artifact of the application: programs can be "internal submodules" or "service submodule" if statically linked by other programs, include files can be public or shared, if referenced by programs from other applications.

> If an Application Descriptor file is found, the required information is leveraged, to include in the created archive:

Reviewer: This section needs an update on the the separation of `lib` and `include`

Author: Updated
